Adrian Chavez: Hi, how are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you
Adrian Chavez: Good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're back with us.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, I need me as
Adrian Chavez: A doctor in Espanol ah but
Adrian Chavez: I moved back to Farmington some kind of hard for me.
Adrian Chavez: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So why, why did you end up leaving. I thought you went to a different program.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, I went to the one in Espanola Uh huh. Okay.
Adrian Chavez: I wasn't there that long ago. I didn't make it.
Adrian Chavez: Took me a while.
Adrian Chavez: I just I relapse while
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That relapse.
Adrian Chavez: It's been over a month.
What did you do
Adrian Chavez: Heroin
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was going on.
Adrian Chavez: No, I just
Adrian Chavez: Got into some trouble. And then on I lost my house and
Adrian Chavez: Find cases for my kids to go because I have three boys three boys with me, but they're already older just
Adrian Chavez: The youngest one I thought at finding a place to stay. Yeah, my mom, though.
Adrian Chavez: He's, he's doing all right and I just kind of sucks. I moved back to front and why it. I like it over here in the back of my girlfriend, but
Adrian Chavez: I had my own cheater there and I lost that's
Adrian Chavez: kind of sucks.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: About a month ago.
Adrian Chavez: A month ago, I was
Adrian Chavez: I've been clean for a month now. Okay. Well, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Talk to me, since you were last in the program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, you mentioned losing the trailer. Well, first of all, to Espanola for a treatment program. Right.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But you relax before you made it there.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah. Never me that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Never made it. Okay. And then you can you decided to come back to Farmington
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, welcome.
Back.
Adrian Chavez: Mike. Mike know when we got back together we lit up there for a while.
Adrian Chavez: Back just feel
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So did you leave initially because of the girlfriend.
Adrian Chavez: No. Yeah, we just weren't getting along.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's change now.
Adrian Chavez: For the glue and getting it all.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm trying to remember. I think last time you said that there was a lot of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Challenges in this relationship because she didn't really trust you.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, as long as she's changed pretty much be like
Adrian Chavez: We broke down and out of that stuff else
Adrian Chavez: She's not really that much in control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what brings you back to the program.
Might
Adrian Chavez: Be done some boxes for a long time.
Adrian Chavez: That's the only thing that helps me from
Adrian Chavez: Doing heroin. Yeah, I don't want to make methadone, so
Adrian Chavez: I don't
Adrian Chavez: Want to get on method.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm committed this time around.
Adrian Chavez: Have some court.
Adrian Chavez: I'm facing little they might be facing some times on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My last
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With that court.
Adrian Chavez: That's still the same one. I'm still facing the same thing. It's never, never went to court. I miss my quality.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Boy.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, they put up engineering. So I gotta pay the eventual fee and then they got rescheduled make quite so
Adrian Chavez: Okay, starting them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The program long so you know I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just going to go back to the UK before so that we can try to get some of the information from last time because last time we met was September last year.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And we're just going to recap, and you tell me something change the know how frustrating it is. I'll tell you story all over
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Itself, tell me you started doing drugs from 10 years old marijuana recreational use.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then it progressed to daily use. At the age of 12
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You had lots of trauma two deaths in the family. You were introduced to heroin by your brother's best friend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My brother down
Adrian Chavez: Lots of lots of trauma. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You first try to get the 17 um, because you were in prison for possession. Apparently you in jail for about a year and a half. Right, right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And he got released to join the Methadone program about 19 to 21 and then explaining one you completed the program, but they relapse begin on heroin.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this is kind of being about, you know, back and forth between prison.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Programs and that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What it
Adrian Chavez: Sounds it sounds
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He said that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have anxiety, attention deficit disorder, depression, OCD.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you discovered your brother's body when he home.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, I was taking pills for that too, but I haven't
Adrian Chavez: Like I said, I that's my doctor for all that to another and not taking in my
Adrian Chavez: I feel a difference on my my voice. I get real shaky.
Adrian Chavez: Voice and stuff. Yeah, I don't know if it's high blood pressure.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Medication right now.
Adrian Chavez: No, just my soapbox
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm so no medication for your ADHD or you
Adrian Chavez: Know, I haven't had a doctor.
Adrian Chavez: Yes, I am.
Adrian Chavez: I need to find one here, in fact, have one appointment. Not till March 17 was though. Yes. Equity me
Adrian Chavez: So I have to be tellin
Well,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And this is back and forth with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Challenges with your girlfriend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: loophole for your kids sit in pending legal issues. I just want to imply you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you had any thoughts about harming yourself or harming anyone else.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the past, did you have a history of being hospitalized because you were a threat to yourself or to others.
Adrian Chavez: No. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just want to roll that out and you're functioning.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He said that your mother is alive that still accurate.
Adrian Chavez: Yes. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You describe your relationship with your eyes close and loving. Is that still accurate.
Adrian Chavez: And yeah.
Yeah.
I heard
Adrian Chavez: Dr as much but
Watching
Adrian Chavez: I moved his eyes to consider all the time and I was supposed to. Now I'm three hours away.
Adrian Chavez: As much
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As well.
Adrian Chavez: Mostly all cause listen
Adrian Chavez: What's your
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your relationship like with your three children.
Adrian Chavez: My boys are good. You get it on good
Adrian Chavez: Real good my oldest son near the angle so much everybody thinks for my good friends and
Adrian Chavez: Not, I don't know. I think I cheated murder of eco friendly, son.
Adrian Chavez: An environment that's wrong, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, wanted to know what your thoughts on you see what benefits consequences. Happy notice into that relationship.
Adrian Chavez: Oh,
Adrian Chavez: I don't like for me for us to hang out together because
Adrian Chavez: We only get in trouble. We just do stupid things.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You identify what positive work positive aspects, the brand to the parenting of yourself.
Adrian Chavez: Oh, I teach him how to work wherever have extreme hot over
Adrian Chavez: There well respected they're clean. They're respectful kids they clean up after themselves are good kids at home, pretty good.
Adrian Chavez: Well,
Adrian Chavez: My oldest son. Yes, he's addicted to meth and heroin fact I was trying to get him on the Suboxone program to
See you.
Adrian Chavez: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Family, friends.
Adrian Chavez: Do I
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, yeah. I have that offense.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, any relatives.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: I don't want to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: See you. And one of your relatives. So I just want to identify what is to make sure that I'm not suitable for you.
Adrian Chavez: Oh, no, no. None of them on yours.
Adrian Chavez: Okay, they're all in Espanol ah, they all have their doctors
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Adrian Chavez: Over there. I'll get everybody gets the box.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: 18 year old son is 17 year old or they may have a substance abuse. History
Adrian Chavez: I know they smoke weed. That's it. They don't drink, smoke weed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm your social history. I have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One is, Can yo yo departments in to be the good girl playing you completed a 10th grade.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you currently working
Adrian Chavez: No, I'm just doing side jobs here and there.
Are jobs.
Adrian Chavez: I was putting she rock inside this House and tile.
Adrian Chavez: But that's about to finish on the happy couple more days left to go
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And say your free trial service, right.
Adrian Chavez: I was in time they got this word and I just left.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To figure out how much time you're going to do in jail.
Adrian Chavez: Right.
Adrian Chavez: Bonded out so I shouldn't even have been on preacher services that they're just
Adrian Chavez: There was a lot of things that they were doing.
Adrian Chavez: That the lawyer didn't think was right because they kept changing my court dates and they weren't giving me a public defender for the first three times. I went to court.
Adrian Chavez: I kept going to apply for him and he kept denying me just, just give me the runaround, and finally got a good lawyer and
Adrian Chavez: I missed a quality.
Adrian Chavez: They put a warrant for me that way.
Adrian Chavez: But I had already went to court, six times and they hadn't even given me my charges. They were just wasting my time. I have to call it must be noted to Durango, that's pretty far it was six times for nothing.
Adrian Chavez: And one time I didn't go a problem for me.
Adrian Chavez: I don't know, I think, more or less, they already found me there. It found me guilty in town and little towns pretty too late and
Adrian Chavez: So everybody knows everybody there.
Adrian Chavez: So I'm pretty much already found guilty.
Adrian Chavez: I don't know. I don't know how much time I have already have a
Adrian Chavez: Prior, but in New Mexico for this.
Adrian Chavez: I don't know. I don't need to give me a habitual time
Adrian Chavez: If they do that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are you hoping to gain in this program.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In this experience. It's a lot that you're dealing with.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: E blast walking. The last time we did the bio psychosocial was thinking maybe residential will be good for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To treatment, you know, your incarceration, anyone remember what what is this on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What is this legal case in regards to what is this tried to do
Adrian Chavez: It. So, Rob. They got me for every to
Adrian Chavez: Which you should have just been like a shoplifting because
Adrian Chavez: I see shop if you need to not be charged me for an operating they overcharged me on it to
Adrian Chavez: School
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With this extensive criminal history of, like, once you're in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A whole bunch of other things like
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: Because they arrested me on a
Adrian Chavez: Felony shoplifting. And then when I went to bond out my charge was robbery.
Adrian Chavez: On my bond and we'll
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You may find more evidence that why or
Adrian Chavez: No, I don't know if they looked at my history or a lot but
Adrian Chavez: And I've, like I said, I went to court, six times in didn't even read me the right the charges that I was getting charged for it, they kept saying just come back on this day.
Adrian Chavez: This day
Adrian Chavez: So far, drive three or four hours from us.
Adrian Chavez: To drink on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your son, he's addicted to heroin as well.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You both us together.
Adrian Chavez: Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your thoughts on
Adrian Chavez: This pretty. I never thought I would
Adrian Chavez: Do that because I used to see other people doing in life, say I'd never do that. My son.
Adrian Chavez: When they asked me and
Adrian Chavez: He was sick. So I gave him some
Adrian Chavez: He was sick. He was like withdrawing from it.
Adrian Chavez: And so I gave him some
Adrian Chavez: And you don't do it together a lot but
Adrian Chavez: I'll give it to him and he'll go in the room or something. I'm doing the same shit. Same number one scenario again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm sure I'm sure you're aware of the impacts that both of you can eat them into the addiction together.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the damage and the risk factors associated with that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But in in being sober.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On the left, the all or nothing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That it be in or you're out. And so it takes a lot of commitment to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Stay diligent and working that route.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But when you're using with your son.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It makes sense why you continue to relax because you use addiction as a way to bond with your son.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: He's Farley for me now to I'm well you're using isn't SPR
Adrian Chavez: So,
And
Adrian Chavez: He's actually doing pretty good. Now he's with his He's with his with his son and his
Adrian Chavez: Sons mom.
Adrian Chavez: So he's good now.
So looking here at the plane.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And see if there's anything else you want to add you already know kind of the spiel here. We want you to be sober. He wants you to work on this divide and be committed. So that means community group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any sessions that you have. Thank you for coming to your appointment on time, you know, come into those things. A Jesse what's necessary the decent exposure to those risky environments, like I said,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You do with your son.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or anyone else that you used to use us, you know, identifying those risky environments and then increasing exposure to the healthier ones and then that we're going to give you some tools on how to remain sober.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So last time we met someone a short term goals when
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to get a good job or start a business.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's still a goal of you.
Adrian Chavez: Know, I still like to, in fact, I've been. I've been. See, see the tools I've been buying tools you're in there.
Adrian Chavez: To do side by side jobs, some
Adrian Chavez: Of the only I have enough to
Adrian Chavez: Me for my boys to work.
Adrian Chavez: I just need to find a primary doctors
Adrian Chavez: And doctors
Adrian Chavez: Because I have other stuff.
Adrian Chavez: To do.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, not really.
Adrian Chavez: Like
Adrian Chavez: I've always been another I know I have high blood pressure and anxiety and all
Adrian Chavez: Depressed. They're not too bad. Now if you pinch them. Not too bad.
Adrian Chavez: Something that comes and goes, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I do up to date.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On your flu.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And pneumonia vaccine.
Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are the goals do you have any short term, long term goals.
Adrian Chavez: I'm just trying to get I'm just taking a day by day right now because I could get caught anytime
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I feel like we're right at where we were last time in September habits progression.
Adrian Chavez: I've lasted that long.
Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that, you know, that's a good reframing you lasted that long.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like still in the same spot. The same predicament. Now, my hope is that there'll be some more progression for you some more successful.
Adrian Chavez: And now I'm doing pretty good. Now, I think I'm pretty much done with going back to us and
Adrian Chavez: That's a base. I get I do get highs.
Adrian Chavez: Over here I don't even see it. I don't even think about it.
Adrian Chavez: Nothing over here.
Adrian Chavez: So whole different environment. I guess it is true, by your surroundings and
Adrian Chavez: That because over here. Like I said, I don't do nothing. Nothing at all.
Adrian Chavez: I don't even. I don't even drink. Oh, yeah, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, where we last spoke in September one on one, you said some of your triggers you have some emotional triggers, which was building capacity on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The addiction, that's, you know, present in your family relationships dresses with your girlfriend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then some relationships are good. You said you don't really have a lot of support, you go, but, um, it seems as though batch change.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, it seems that she's actually been
Adrian Chavez: We've been helping each other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She also have an addiction, you
Adrian Chavez: Know, she doesn't use Tracy's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what what is appealing what appealed to you should never
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, she's not a night. You're not saying never she's not an addict and you're having to relax. So what's the glue that keeps you guys together to, you know, two different worlds different insights was the glue that both together.
Adrian Chavez: Sex she brought me and changed me completely like from everything she liked me appearance.
Adrian Chavez: She changed me to the person that she wants us to say
Adrian Chavez: Because I don't do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That she's, she's developing it.
Adrian Chavez: Now I do but there for a while I was kind of being hard headed and but yeah I think I make a perfect so almost I know pretty much do what I need to do.
Adrian Chavez: I do it offer this time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, one thing that I don't recall
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: discussing with you is just going through the checklist of different things that may have contributed to your PTSD diagnosis.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let me actually, have you ever been a victim of childhood sexual abuse.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No great
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How about adult sexual abuse. Have you ever used anyone domestic violence, anything like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you survive in type of natural disasters.
Adrian Chavez: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any vehicle or motorcycle accidents.
Adrian Chavez: A few vehicle accidents motorcycle accidents.
I mean,
Adrian Chavez: To vehicle accidents are real bad and one motorcycle accident.
Adrian Chavez: I'm about 1015 years ago 15 years ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you have any injuries from those
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, I missed them. My leg pretty bad. And by
Adrian Chavez: The
Adrian Chavez: Car. I just really my hands fellow man was outside the carbon, we rolled the smash my hand few times.
It's about
Adrian Chavez: Really saw it as sort of a
Adrian Chavez: Road, about three, four times.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ever been a victim of a violent crime.
Adrian Chavez: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any have been kidnapped or tortured by anyone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know sexual harassment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anyone ever threaten physical violence against you.
Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dr. You talked about the death of a loved one and you unfortunately witness some stuff with his death.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So all of those events they contribute to your PTSD diagnosis, all these traumas that you'd experience.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Out of the 25 years experience. Let me see.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: 233 but it's still a lot and then property loss. You just said that you have to be a visit from the home and find another place for your children that's trauma to so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're, you're aware of just all of the things that you've experienced and what you need to do to get on. So I'm proud that you found us again came back to the program and and you're committed and now relationship is progressing and getting healthy
Adrian Chavez: You have any
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Questions for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To add to the treatment plan.
Adrian Chavez: No. Just need to see what I could do about finding the primary doctor
Adrian Chavez: For it could maybe get
Adrian Chavez: Something from a high blood pressure and is
Adrian Chavez: Now you guys have been
Adrian Chavez: Been helpful.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I don't even know the networks in New Mexico.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But Dr. Eat real she may have some some resources and some places she can connect you with
Adrian Chavez: Okay, I'll think about it and talk about it next time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right. Okay. Well, you have a good night.
Adrian Chavez: Okay, you too.
Adrian Chavez: Thank you, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So for the transcribing this bio psychosocial was actually completed previously with agent challenges.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: August no data for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The therapist initial visit data for September 5 2018, a lot of the information that can just be copied and pasted
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Into this new treatment plan, as well as into the other fields and names needed for the bio psychosocial so again the therapist initial visit for the bio psychosocial that took place in September 5 2000
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you can copy and paste. A lot of that content and information and I want to redo all of this be a discussion, since we recently completed the bio psychosocial and then if you can also update with the new the new goals that we discussed
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The fact that which was significant is that now his son that he could use it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In a different city and him also a testing that his relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some of the stresses that he presented with in September, the dynamic and his relationship has changed.
Positively
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Now today, eight questions you can refer to the previous year.